docs/index.md, before:


# Getting Started
!!! important
    DETA is still alpha – expect bugs and breaking changes.


> *DETA `ˈdɛtə` — pronounced like "meta".*

DETA is a cloud computer that gets your programs up and running <mark>*blazingly fast*</mark>. It lets you focus on writing code and takes care of everything else. 

No servers or databases to set-up or maintain and no lengthy docs – just you, your idea and Python. You can also bring your team along for the ride if you like.

## Tour
<iframe width="720" height="405" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/y-VlfVNDry8" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## More Info
1. [Contact us](/contact), we're happy to personally guide you.
2. A config-free [Database](/resources/database), [File Store](/resources/files) and [Email Service](/resources/email) are built in.
3. Your programs are *instantly usable*: run via [Teletype](/use/run), call via [HTTP](/use/http) or trigger via [Cron Scheduler](/use/cron).
4. Permissions are baked in to DETA from the beginning: check out [User Permissions](/permissions/) and [Auth](/auth) for more information.

Check the links on the left for more docs.

Commit message:

links to resources and lib convention

docs/index.md, after:


# Getting Started
!!! important
    DETA is still alpha – expect bugs and breaking changes.


> *DETA `ˈdɛtə` — pronounced like "meta".*

DETA is a cloud computer that gets your programs up and running <mark>*blazingly fast*</mark>. It lets you focus on writing code and takes care of everything else. 

No servers or databases to set-up or maintain and no lengthy docs – just you, your idea and Python. You can also bring your team along for the ride if you like.

## Tour
<iframe width="720" height="405" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/y-VlfVNDry8" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

!!! Note
    This video is slightly dated. From DETA lib version `21` in Python the convention for the decorated functions is `app.lib.x`. For all earlier lib versions the convention is `app.x`. You can find a program's lib version by the `deta.lib` field in the `INFO` tab. The latest lib version is `22`.

## More Info
1. [Contact us](/contact), we're happy to personally guide you.
2. A config-free **Database** (in [Python](python/resources/database) and [Node](node/resources/database)), **File Store** (in [Python](python/resources/files) and [Node](node/resources/files)) and **Email Service** (in [Python](python/resources/email) and [Node](node/resources/email)) are built in.
3. Your programs are *instantly usable*: run via [Teletype](/use/run), call via [HTTP](/use/http) or trigger via [Cron Scheduler](/use/cron).
4. Permissions are baked in to DETA from the beginning: check out [User Permissions](/permissions/) and [Auth](/auth) for more information.

Check the links on the left for more docs.
